lib/promscrape: fix path to files (#2801)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: limit max memory occupied by the cache, which stores parsed regular expressions. Previously too long regular expressions passed in [MetricsQL queries](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html) could result in big amounts of used memory (e.g. multiple of gigabytes). Now the max cache size for parsed regexps is limited to a a few megabytes.
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): make sure that [stale markers](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#prometheus-staleness-markers) are generated with the actual timestamp when unsuccessful scrape occurs. This should prevent from possible time series overlap on scrape target restart in dynmaic envirnoments such as Kubernetes.
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): properly reload changed `-promscrape.config` file when `-promscrape.configCheckInterval` option is set. The changed config file wasn't reloaded in this case since [v1.69.0](#v1690). See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/2786). Thanks to @ttyv for the fix.

> * BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): update path for css files in lib/promscrape. use pathPrefix if it defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): respect `-http.pathPrefix` for static and relative links in vmagent's UI. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2799)
```
